displacement, extension, stretch
The spring's displacement was proportional to the applied force.
The seismograph recorded the ground displacement during the earthquake.
The piston's displacement in the cylinder determined the engine's volume.
The material's elastic displacement returned to zero after unloading.
The displacement of the oscillator was measured with a laser interferometer.
The ship's displacement in water equaled the weight of water it pushed aside.
The displacement vector pointed from the initial to the final position.
The cantilever's displacement at the tip was calculated using beam theory.
The displacement transducer measured the position with micrometer accuracy.
The thermal displacement of the bridge deck had to be accommodated.
The displacement of the pendulum bob decreased as friction dissipated energy.
The membrane's displacement created sound waves in the air.
The displacement of the fault line during the quake was several meters.
The actuator's displacement was controlled by the input voltage.
The displacement amplitude of the vibrating string determined its loudness.
The plastic displacement remained after the stress was removed.
The displacement of the liquid in the graduated cylinder indicated the volume.
The micrometer measured the displacement of the machine tool.
The displacement of the soil caused cracks in the foundation.
The maximum displacement of the shock absorber was limited by its travel.
The displacement sensor detected sub-nanometer movements.
The tidal displacement of the ocean surface followed lunar cycles.
The displacement of the plate tectonics occurred over millions of years.
The displacement mode of the resonator was visualized using holography.
The angular displacement of the shaft was measured by the encoder.
The linear displacement actuator extended by 50 millimeters.
The displacement field in the deformed material was computed using finite elements.
The displacement of air by the speaker cone created the sound pressure.
The vertical displacement of the building during the earthquake was recorded.
The displacement of the slider in the mechanism was constrained by guides.
The radial displacement of the turbine blade under load was measured.
The displacement boundary condition specified zero motion at the fixed end.
The relative displacement between the surfaces caused wear.
The displacement of the center of mass was calculated from the motion.
The elastic band's extension was limited to prevent permanent deformation.
The spring's extension increased linearly with the hanging mass.
The rope's extension under tension was measured in millimeters.
The polymer chain's extension was studied at the molecular level.
The muscle fiber's extension was restricted by its connective tissue.
The extensometer measured the extension of the specimen during testing.
The bungee cord's extension absorbed the jumper's kinetic energy.
The tendon's extension stored elastic energy during the movement.
The extension of the telescope allowed viewing of distant objects.
The thermal extension of the metal rod was calculated from its temperature change.
The maximum extension of the spring was specified by the manufacturer.
The extension ladder reached a height of 20 feet when fully extended.
The rubber band's extension demonstrated Hooke's law up to a point.
The extension of the hydraulic cylinder was 300 millimeters.
The stretch of the elastic fabric allowed for a comfortable fit.
The stretch reflex protected the muscle from excessive extension.
