wavelength, lambda, distance
The wavelength of red light is longer than that of blue light.
The physicist measured the wavelength using a diffraction grating.
Radio waves have wavelengths ranging from millimeters to kilometers.
The wavelength determined which color appeared in the visible spectrum.
The antenna's length was designed to be one-quarter of the signal's wavelength.
The wavelength of the sound wave affected its pitch and frequency.
X-rays have extremely short wavelengths compared to visible light.
The wavelength of the laser was precisely 632.8 nanometers.
The water wave's wavelength was the distance between successive crests.
The wavelength of ultraviolet light is shorter than visible light.
The spectroscope separated light into its component wavelengths.
The wavelength of infrared radiation is longer than visible light.
The de Broglie wavelength of the electron was calculated from its momentum.
The wavelength of the electromagnetic wave determined its energy.
The wavelength of gamma rays is measured in picometers.
The standing wave pattern showed nodes separated by half a wavelength.
The wavelength of the microwave in the oven was about 12 centimeters.
The optical fiber was designed for specific wavelengths of light.
The wavelength of the acoustic wave determined its ability to diffract around obstacles.
The wavelength of the radio broadcast was 300 meters at 1 MHz.
The photon's energy was inversely proportional to its wavelength.
The wavelength of the seismic wave indicated the depth of the earthquake.
The wavelength of the carrier wave was modulated to transmit information.
The resonant wavelength of the cavity matched the laser output.
The wavelength of the ocean swell was estimated at 200 meters.
The wavelength shift indicated the Doppler effect from the moving source.
The wavelength of the plasma oscillation was measured spectroscopically.
The cut-off wavelength of the photoelectric effect depended on the metal's work function.
The wavelength of the matter wave exhibited quantum mechanical behavior.
The wavelength of the thermal radiation peaked according to Wien's law.
The wavelength of the guided wave in the waveguide was determined by its dimensions.
The wavelength of the Bragg reflection matched the crystal lattice spacing.
The wavelength of the beat frequency was the difference between the two waves.
The wavelength of the gravitational wave was millions of kilometers long.
The wavelength of the fluorescent emission was longer than the absorbed light.
The wavelength of the phonon in the crystal lattice affected its thermal properties.
The wavelength of the ripple tank demonstration was clearly visible.
The wavelength of the harmonics were integer divisions of the fundamental.
The wavelength of the Compton scattering changed after interaction with the electron.
The wavelength of the synchrotron radiation was tunable by adjusting the magnetic field.
The wavelength of the evanescent wave decayed exponentially beyond the interface.
The wavelength of the parametric oscillator was half that of the pump laser.
The wavelength of the soliton remained constant as it propagated.
The wavelength of the capillary wave on the liquid surface was millimeters long.
The wavelength of the magnon in the magnetic material was related to the spin waves.
The wavelength of the surface plasmon resonance was sensitive to the surrounding medium.
The wavelength of the whispering gallery mode circled the resonator's circumference.
The wavelength of the Raman scattered light was shifted from the incident beam.
The wavelength of the polariton was a hybrid of light and matter waves.
The wavelength of the acoustic phonon determined the speed of sound in the solid.
